http://www.beecrowd.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1239

# Bloggo Shortcuts

You are helping to develop a weblog-management system called bloggo. Although
bloggo pushes all content to the front end of a website in HTML, not all
content authors enjoy using HTML tags in their text. To make their lives
easier, bloggo offers a simple syntax called shortcuts to achieve some HTML
textual effects. Your job is to take a document written with shortcuts and
translate it into proper HTML.

One shortcut is used to make italicized text. HTML does this with the <i> and
</i> tags, but in bloggo, an author can simply enclose a piece of text using
two instances of the underscore character, '_'. Thus, where a content author
writes

    You _should_ see the baby elephant at the zoo!

bloggo will publish the following instead.

    You <i>should</i> see the baby elephant at the zoo!

Another shortcut serves to render text in boldface, which HTML accomplishes
with <b> and </b> tags. Bloggo lets content authors do the same with paired
instances of the asterisk character, '*'. When a content author writes the text

    Move it from *Receiving* to *Accounts Payable*.

it will end up on the website as

    Move it from <b>Receiving</b> to <b>Accounts Payable</b>.

## Input

The input contains several test cases. Each test case is composed by one line
that contais a string text, containing zero or more usages of the italic and
boldface shortcuts. Each text is between 1 and 50 characters long, inclusive.
The only characters allowed in text are the alphabetic characters 'a' to 'z'
and 'A' to 'Z', the underscore '_', the asterisk '*', the space character, and
the punctuation symbols ',', ';', '.', '!', '?', '-', '(', and ')'. The
underscore '_' occurs in text an even number of times. The asterisk '*' occurs
in text an even number of times. No substring of text enclosed by a balanced
pair of underscores or by a balanced pair of asterisks may contain any further
underscores or asterisks.

The end of input is determined by EOF.

## Output

Translate each input text into HTML as demonstrated by the examples above (and
below). To render a span of text in italics in HTML, you must start with the
`<i>` tag and end with the `</i>` tag. For boldface text, start with `<b>` and
end with `</b>`. Print one translated text per line at standard output.
