https://urionlinejudge.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1104

# Exchanging Cards

Alice and Betty collect PokÂ´mon cards. The cards are printed for a game that
imitates the e battle system of one of the most popular videogames in history,
but Alice and Betty are too young to actually play the game, and are only
interested in the actual cards. To make it easier, we'll assume each card has
an unique identifier, given as an integer number.

Both girls have a set of cards, and, like most girls their age, like to trade
the cards they have. They obviously don't care about identical cards they both
have, and they don't want to receive repeated cards in the trade. Besides, the
cards are traded in a single operation: Alice gives Betty N distinct cards and
receives back other N distinct cards.

The girls want to know what is the maximum number of cards they can trade. For
instance, if Alice has cards {1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 8, 9, 15} and Betty has
cards {2, 2, 2, 3, 4, 6, 10, 11, 11}, they can trade at most four cards.

Write a program that given the sets of cards owned by Alice and Betty,
determines the maximum number of cards they can trade.

## Input

The input contains several test cases. The first line of a test case contains
two integers A and B, separated by a blank space, indicating respectively the
number of cards Alice and Betty have $(1 \leq A \leq 10^4 \space and \space 1
\leq B \leq 10^4)$. The second line contains A space-separated integers $X_i$,
each indicating one of Alice's cards $(1 \leq X_i \leq 10^5)$. The third line
contains B integers $Y_i$ separated by whitespaces, each number indicating one
of Betty's cards $(1 \leq Y_i \leq 10^5)$. Alice and Betty's cards are listed
in non-descending order.

The end of input is indicated by a line containing only two zeros, separated by
a blank space.

## Output

For each test case, your program should print a single line, containing an
integer number, indicating the maximum number of cards Alice and Betty can
trade.
