https://www.urionlinejudge.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1914

# Whose Turn Is It?

Hopscotch is probably the game where townhouse's children more have fun,
however the game has caused a good time for discussion and crying in children
who practice it. The cause of the disorder is to decide who will be the next
to jump, but recently Quico (The Genius!) had a great idea for to solve the
problem. Basically the game can only to be played every two players in one
turn and to choose the next player Quico indicated to use the traditional
method even or odd, where both players report one number and if the sum these
numbers is even, the player that choose PAR win or vice verse. However the use
that method has left the Quico crazy, crazy, crazy... And for that reason he
asked for your help, asked you a program that given the name of the players,
their respective choices (PAR or IMPAR) and the numbers, tell who was the
winner.

## Input

The first line of input contains a single integer $QT$ ($1 \leq QT \leq 100$),
indicating the number of following test cases. Each test case contains two
lines. In first line will be told the name of the player 1 followed by his
choice, “PAR” or“IMPAR”, and after the name of the player 2 followed by his
choice, “PAR” or“IMPAR”. In second line of test case, contains two integer
number $N$ ($1 \leq N \leq 10^9$) and $M$ ($1 \leq M \leq 10^9$), representing
respectively the numbers chosen by players 1 and player 2. It it garanteed
that player 1 choice's (PAR or IMPAR) will be differ from choice of player 2
(PAR or IMPAR) and that the name of the players consist only of letters and
will not exceed 100 characters.

## Output

For each test case, print a single line containing the name of winner player.
