https://www.beecrowd.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1963

# The Motion Picture

Welcome to the 3rd UFFS Junior Programming Contest. We sincerely hope the next
hours are very productive to you, you get many balloons and, above all, you
have fun! Remember that you can ask for a clarification whenever you are not
sure that you understand a problem description. Remember also that at 17.30
the automatic judges will be turned off and the competition will enter blind
mode, so that all submissions made during this period will begin to be judged
only at 18.10. Please stay with us till the end of the competition, working on
solutions for the problems till the last minute, because, as long as the
contest is running, there is still hope!

And it was hope that motivated Grandma Zazá, a 72-year-old lady, to fulfill
her dream of starting an undergraduate course. She is fascinated by everything
related to the University: the classes, the library, the research and
extension projects, the refectory, but especially the student card that she
can use to get 50% off cinema tickets. Last week Grandma Zazá and her
colleagues went to the cinema to watch a movie, but they were appalled at the
ticket price increase. Disgusted, they decided to make a protest, scheduled
for tomorrow at General Bertaso Square, against the oppressive capitalist
system. Grandma Zazá wants to collaborate with the movement by making a poster
with the following watchword:

HOW ABSURD! THE PRICE OF CINEMA TICKETS HAS RISEN … % !!

But she is not good at Math, so she is asking you to helpfully calculate the
percentage she needs to complete the poster.

## Input

The only input line consists of two values $A$ and $B$
($0.00 < A \leq B \leq 1000.00$), given with exactly two digits after the
decimal point, which represent respectively the old and the new prices of the
cinema tickets.

## Output

The only output line shall consist of a single value, representing as a
percentage the ticket price increase. The value shall be followed by the
symbol % and shall contain two digits after the decimal point.
