https://www.beecrowd.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1552

# Rescue in Free Fall

Oh, my God! A group of people is falling in free fall! They all jumped at the
very same time from several airplanes which were at the very same height. They
were intending to perform the greatest and most beautiful synchronised jump in
History. However, evil Loki, in order to delight himself in human
insignificance, had sabotaged the parachutes, and now the only hope lies in a
joint action between Iron Man and Spider-Man. As they both are very nerds,
they've noticed that the people were falling all in a same plane parallel to
the ground, despite of air resistance and other factors. Then, they've made up
an infalible plan. First, the arachnid shall join all the people through web
wires between them. Once there is no person not connected to the group, the
playboy will be able to eletromagnetise the whole group and, holding the hand
of just one person, land them all safely.

But there is no much time left for divagations. Spider-Man needs to be quick,
what in his case means spending web as least as possible. Thereunto, Iron Man
has projected the plane where the people are in a cartesian mesh in his
screen, using the centimetre as unity of length, and has obtained the
coordinates of each person in the mesh. Now, J.A.R.V.I.S. is computing the
minimum of web Spider-Man will need. Depending on the answer, Iron Man won't
wait for the boy and will improvise some stunt.

## Input

The input consists of several test cases. The first line of input contains an
integer C that determines the number of test cases. Each test case starts with
a sigle positive integer $n$ ($n \leq 500$), which stands for the number of
people in the group. Follow then n lines, each of them representing one person
of the group by  one's coordinates $x$ and $y$ in the mesh
($0 \leq x, y \leq 10^4$).

## Output

For each test case, your program is meant to output a line containing the value
with two decimal places of precision relative to the minimum length of web, in
meters, needed to connect all the people in the group. Watch for the decimal
mark is . (dot), not , (comma).
