https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/round/0000000000432add/00000000004331a3

Cookie Clicker Alpha

Introduction

Cookie Clicker is a Javascript game by Orteil, where players click on a picture
of a giant cookie. Clicking on the giant cookie gives them cookies. They can
spend those cookies to buy buildings. Those buildings help them get even more
cookies. Like this problem, the game is very cookie-focused. This problem has a
similar idea, but it does not assume you have played Cookie Clicker. Please
don't go play it now: it might be a long time before you come back.

Problem

In this problem, you start with 0 cookies. You gain cookies at a rate of 2
cookies per second, by clicking on a giant cookie. Any time you have at least C
cookies, you can buy a cookie farm. Every time you buy a cookie farm, it costs
you C cookies and gives you an extra F cookies per second.

Once you have X cookies that you haven't spent on farms, you win! Figure out
how long it will take you to win if you use the best possible strategy.

Example

Suppose C=500.0, F=4.0 and X=2000.0. Here's how the best possible strategy
plays out:

    1 - You start with 0 cookies, but producing 2 cookies per second.
    2 - After 250 seconds, you will have C=500 cookies and can buy a farm that
    produces F=4 cookies per second.
    3 - After buying the farm, you have 0 cookies, and your total cookie
    production is 6 cookies per second.
    4 - The next farm will cost 500 cookies, which you can buy after about
    83.3333333 seconds.
    5 - After buying your second farm, you have 0 cookies, and your total
    cookie production is 10 cookies per second.
    6 - Another farm will cost 500 cookies, which you can buy after 50 seconds.
    7 - After buying your third farm, you have 0 cookies, and your total cookie
    production is 14 cookies per second.
    8 - Another farm would cost 500 cookies, but it actually makes sense not to
    buy it: instead you can just wait until you have X=2000 cookies, which
    takes about 142.8571429 seconds.

Total time: 250 + 83.3333333 + 50 + 142.8571429 = 526.1904762 seconds.

Notice that you get cookies continuously: so 0.1 seconds after the game starts
you'll have 0.2 cookies, and π seconds after the game starts you'll have 2π
cookies.

Input

The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T lines follow.
Each line contains three space-separated real-valued numbers: C, F and X, whose
meanings are described earlier in the problem statement.

C, F and X will each consist of at least 1 digit followed by 1 decimal point
followed by from 1 to 5 digits. There will be no leading zeroes.

Output

For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x is the
test case number (starting from 1) and y is the minimum number of seconds it
takes before you can have X delicious cookies.

We recommend outputting y to 7 decimal places, but it is not required. y will
be considered correct if it is close enough to the correct number: within an
absolute or relative error of 10-6. See the FAQ for an explanation of what that
means, and what formats of real numbers we accept.

Limits

1 ≤ T ≤ 100.
Small dataset

1 ≤ C ≤ 500.
1 ≤ F ≤ 4.
1 ≤ X ≤ 2000.
Large dataset

1 ≤ C ≤ 10000.
1 ≤ F ≤ 100.
1 ≤ X ≤ 100000.
